I2P Portable Linux Version (with browser, IRC client, and iMule) 64bit
Project Homepage: None
Project Github: https://github.com/ThePrudentNinja/I2PPortableLin
I2P Project Homepage: http://geti2p.net/

TO GET STARTED:
First, if you are using a 32bit system, this suite is not for you. This suite is designed for use with 64bit systems.
Download or clone this project. Set +x on the fix-permissions.sh script and execute it. Read the file Needed-Deps and make sure you have them all. Start I2P via the I2P.desktop file. Wait a moment, then start the I2PBrowser.desktop to start the browser. For iMule, wait about a half hour or so from first start so I2P has a chance to become better integrated into the network. the iMule aspect of this "suite" is experimental. If you find problems, let me know. Once you have I2P and the I2PBrowser up, click the bookmark for changing your bandwidth settings and adjust them to match your internet speed. If on the I2P router console page (the home page for the I2PBrowser) says "Network OK", then all is good. If it says you are firewalled, you will need to find the port that I2P is using and forward it on your router. Each router is different so I can't tell you how. You could remain firewalled but it will seriously impact performance and anonymity.

This project and I are not affiliated in any way with I2P ( http://geti2p.net ) or the developers of I2P. Do not pester them with issues relating to I2PPortable unless the issue is directly related to I2P itself.

This "suite" is I2P with a modified Tor browser. The Tor browser has been modified to connect to I2P and has an IRC chat client built in. The I2Psuite.desktop file launches everything. After each launch, the script updates the icon so after first launch, the icon will work until the .desktop file is moved again. If you just want to launch the browser, the I2PBrowser.desktop file will do it. If you launch this suite with the I2Psuite.desktop file and close the browser, LEAVE the terminal window open or I2P will shut down in a harsh way which is bad for the network, and bad for your reputation. To close everything, in the browser go to the home page and click shutdown. Wait until it shuts down, then close the browser, then close the terminal window. If you want to leave I2P running but only close the browser, close the browser but leave the terminal window open. You can minimize it or move it to another desktop if you want it out of sight.

To chat with others on the IRC network within I2P, click the "Chat with us!" bookmark and wait. It's a good idea to have your router up and running at least a half hour before trying to join us for chat. This is why it's a good idea to leave I2P running so next time you can just launch the browser by itself and I2P is already running and well integrated (which means faster).

Be sure to adjust your bandwidth configuration (there is a bookmark for that) so I2P will run at its best. It's advised to not set the share setting below about 50% as it will make it easier for observers to spot your traffic. The more you share, the better it is. The closer the bandwidth settings are to your actual internet speeds, the better I2P will perform and the more satisfied you will be with it.

iMule has been added as well for file sharing purposes. Please read the file named: Needed-Deps
Also note, due to the nature of file sharing on I2P (and any anonymous network), you may see files you may not agree with. Ignore them. iMule is being included because it's an excellent file sharing application that uses I2P. It serves the purpose where torrents in I2P fail.

"I2P is an anonymous overlay network - a network within a network. It is intended to protect communication from dragnet surveillance and monitoring by third parties such as ISPs.

I2P is used by many people who care about their privacy: activists, oppressed people, journalists and whistleblowers, as well as the average person.

No network can be "perfectly anonymous". The continued goal of I2P is to make attacks more and more difficult to mount. Its anonymity will get stronger as the size of the network increases and with ongoing academic review.

I2P is available on desktops, embedded systems (like the Raspberry Pi) and Android phones. Help spread the word!"

I2P Portable-Lin-Specific Issues
Must have bash and an internet connection. Requires wget and tar (you probably have them).


Folder Structure:
App/I2P/ contains I2P
App/I2PBrowser contains a modified Tor browser for use with I2P
App/java/ contains the JRE (if not present, the launcher script will fetch it)
App/DefaultData/ contains the default data, files here are copied to Data/ on first launch and any launch where Data/ is empty
App/AppInfo/ currently contains some icons
Data/ this is where configuration files, logs, and such will go after first start. If you screw up your config, delete the files in here and launch the start script
Other/ Doesn't contain anything at the moment

